Puddle rough you are having a box hello
and welcome back to the return of the
rossoneri this series where I'm aiming
to get a full AC Milan legends team and
if you're new to this series and have no
idea what's going on the rules on the
screen right now or you can check the
description down below for my previous
videos and go ahead and watch them but
if you looking for cheap and it's done
Ultimate Team Coins check out fifa coins
stuck who's think we'll be down in the
description below an instant service for
your ultimate team coins but we start
off this episode by getting ronaldinho
as suggested by this guy on the screen
right now you have one yourself 25
thousand coins make sure you message me
either on Twitter a personal message on
YouTube and I'll sort you out with
25,000 coins we've got the legend
himself a five-star skiller one of the
best players to ever live I'm just a
fanboy of Ronaldinho and we put them
into our second reserve squad their long
wigs Clarence Seedorf now I need your
guy's help again who should I get next
for this AC Milan legends team should it
be plateau pillow I don't know leave a
comment down below and you can win
twenty five thousand coins for yourself
so the next thing we do in this video is
get rid of Jose Mourinho a lot of you
guys the same why they got him his
manager he managed Inter Milan not AC
Milan so I just get rid of him and we
replace him with Marco van Basten the AC
Milan legend who actually has a legend
Carl in this FIFA which were aiming to
get later on down in the series so
replace Jose a marina with Marco van
Basten right there and teams looking
better now we've actually got an AC
Milan player war legend as a manager so
we'll move into the first game of this
episode we come up against the decent
little Syria team here he's got all shot
at left mid obviously an AC Milan player
we've currently got him in the team
we're playing him at right midfield in
our team that's a pretty solid team
videl and de Rossi who are fairly solid
CD ends but this guy gets the game
started off here with a crazy little car
attack add a corner kick but
unfortunately it didn't go in I didn't
mark the players run here which was a
huge mistake leaving him open to score a
trump or sweaty goal as it's like to be
called these days but I deserved it i
mean i left my defense wide open but he
gets another girl here off the rebound
Abbiati just being a flappy flappy
geezer not holding the ball and gives
away a cheap little gold but a through
ball from Georgia weighing kaka
is there to finish it off he's just an
absolutely amazing player in this game
and I need to upgrade to his inform
actually let me know if I should do that
down in the comments section but I've
got enough coins to do it but he gets a
nice little free-kick there a layoff
free kick to his player and you know I
didn't expect it went in straight away
so yeah that was a pretty decent gone a
through ball to George we're getting us
two thousand coins because every goalie
schools he gets two thousand coins bonus
which is incredible we're coming up to
the last minutes of the game were three
two down and Balotelli does the business
this guy just finishes everything off
he's so strong just run every is quite
fast very strong and he's pretty cheap
these days I think so George where got a
match bonus of 9600 corn for 9.6 rating
which would do and then we go into
another game and come up against this
crazy pretty much full inform Syria t
minus the goalkeeper he's got Balotelli
he's got cackle air from AC Milan some
pretty decent players in videl who is an
awesome all-around player in this game
but if you guys are enjoying this video
so far it would be awesome if you hit
that like button and if you missed my
previous video from yesterday I did a
new series called dare to slatten this
guy rage quits by the way after a
beautiful header from George where but
yeah that is Latin series will be in the
description down below we win the title
here which means we get an extra fifty
thousand coin bonus to spend on pax here
this guy just rage quit so quickly I
mean we took the win one nil
unfortunately George which it didn't
show any match rating for him so we
don't get the coin bonus for that but
we're going to show the little payouts
now that we do at the end of each season
the fifty thousand coins is there for us
to spend on packs as the extra bonus
we've got and then the other payment is
for the earnings from Georgia where
scoring his goals all as much bonuses
and that totaled up to eighty eight
thousand coins for division nine which
is pretty decent indeed so that's quite
a lot of coins I've got there and we're
just going to jump into some packs here
quickly but I'm not really going to talk
about them too much i'm just going to
leave them in the background as you can
see daniel agger there which is decent
we've got a free gold pack and a
thousand corn so that pack was not bad
at all but my pack look is pretty pretty
terrible indeed let's see if I can
actually pull some decent players in
this pack opening we got a layabout
there unfortunately is any non relishing
nothing special and oh yeah if you've
watched this fun to the video let me
know when you think I'll get my first
loss so in the comments section just
right not what
so do you think you're going to get my
first loss in i'm currently nine wins
one draw and zero losses will I get my
first loss in the next episode will it
be episode 10 11 I don't know leave a
comment down below i'm pretty sure be
interesting to see how many of you guys
think i'll be losing my first game soon
but the kick TV invitational has started
let me know what you guys think of it so
far I mean I won't tell you my result
you can check in the description down
below I don't want to ruin it for you
just in case you haven't seen it but go
and check it out but if you have checked
it out and you want to leave your
feedback on it let me know in the
comment section down below what you
thought of my game what you thought the
whole tournament so far and who do you
think will win the whole tournament I
think the two strongest players in the
tournament are probably that notorious
guy Rossi HD and maybe the FIFA player I
mean it's pretty decent he's beating you
before on FIFA last year I think so yeah
he's pretty decent and obviously let me
know what you guys think down below I
may get a few of these guys onto this
series do a few wages with them
obviously bring wages into this and we
can get the series done that much
quicker hopefully if we win games and
whatever do a few huge wages and win
some decent amount of coins to get these
legends you guys can get involved in
that as well of course you just need to
follow me on Twitter and on right and
when I to be out saying I want a wager
just reply to the tweet and I'll give
you a game and hopefully you'll be
featured in this series but we got a
jackal in the packs as you can see they
were terrible these are the final stats
for the episode on the screen i hope you
enjoyed the video we're going to leave a
hair guys sorry for it being shorter
than usual but we'll get back to the
long episodes tomorrow so if you enjoyed
the video remember to drop a like
subscribe if you're already subscribed
check out some of my other videos and
I'll see you guys soon with another
video taker